- Notes on [[Generative AI/Use cases]], thanks to the study by [[Deloitte]]
  id:: 66e9fe6d-4ff8-44b2-add8-bc2491ebde54
  collapsed:: true
	- [[Banking]]
		- A customer service tool that handles messages, using both chat and voice, and provides cross-sell opportunities based on the interaction.
		- [[Handling customer conversations]]
	- [[Transportation]]
		- A system to provide customer support and handle simple support tickets. The system can automatically pull data for human agents to use for more complex tasks.
		- [[Handling customer conversations]]
	- [[Telecom]]
		- Support tools deployed for retail and technical field staff, and systems for troubleshooting and preventive maintenance, all to reduce costs.
		- [[Help workers on the task at hand]]
	- [[Insurance]]
		- An internal medical claims appeal review tool that provides increased response quality and a decreased time to respond.
		- [[Inbound formal request processing]]
	- [[Consumer]]
		- Customer segmentation tools leveraged to create more precise and customised segments across geographies.
		- [[Prospective customer targeting]]
	- [[Technology]]
		- Continuous improvement processes enhanced by directly leveraging customer feedback to inform product development roadmaps.
		- [[Building a value-maximising roadmap]]
	- [[Finance]]
		- Project management tools that quickly create summary materials for key stakeholders.
		- [[Effective Project Management]]
	- [[Pharmaceuticals]]
		- Internal tool that provides instant enterprise information (such as standard operating procedures) for thousands of staff.
		- [[Checklist-oriented execution]]
	- Source
	-
	-